README.md, before:

# Introduction

This project is designed to show the complete SDLC with all of our Veracode tools used at the appropriate places in the build process.  This complete process will include:

* building and packaging the app for scanning
* Veracode scanning of first party code
* Veracode SCA scanning of third-party code
* building a Docker image for deployment and Veracode dynamic scanning (coming in the future)

This is a Veracode-specific readme file.  For the original, see README-original.md.

# How to use this

You have 3 options:

1. build from the existing repo (not making any modifications)
2. create a copy (fork) the existing repo for the ability to make your own mods and then build your modified copy
3. just deploy the existing app for dynamic scanning (coming in the future...)

## Option 1 - Build from the existing repo

The instructions below assume you are building using the Jenkins installed on your Windows machine (2019.4 or later).  Note that it is also possible to build on your Mac or a linux machine (although using the linux instance in the Demo Labs is discouraged due to the size of the disk - the Docker image is ~ 1.2G).

### 1. Get Jenkins ready

You will need the following plugins added to Jenkins, beyond what's already here in the 2019.4 images:

* Pipeline Utility Steps
* NodeJS (w/tool config)
* AnsiColor

Goto Jenkins --> Manage Jenkins --> Manage Plugins and add these

### 2. Configure the tools

Goto Jenkins --> Manage Jenkins --> Global Tool Configuration and setup the tools

#### 2.1 NodeJS

Add a NodeJS installation like the following (the names are important, so match them)

<img src=doc/images/NodeJS_config.jpg alt="NodeJS config" />
![NodeJS config](./doc/images/NodeJS_config.jpg)

### 3. Configure Credentials in Jenkins 

#### 3.1 veracode login

#### 3.2 srcclr token


### 4. Create the Jenkins job

### 5. Build w/Jenkins

## Option 2 - Getting this repo locally

Assumes you already have an account on GitHub, GitLab, or a similar service.

Fork the existing repo into your account, and then use your copy of the repo.  Clone it locally, make mods, and push them back to your account.

### Building w/Jenkins

Follow the steps above, except use your repo instead of the master copy on gitlab.com

## Deploying 

Coming...

Commit message:

updates to the readme - added Jenkins creds info

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This project is designed to show the complete SDLC with all of our Veracode tools used at the appropriate places in the build process.  This complete process will include:

* building and packaging the app for scanning
* Veracode scanning of first party code
* Veracode SCA scanning of third-party code
* building a Docker image for deployment and Veracode dynamic scanning (coming in the future)

This is a Veracode-specific readme file.  For the original, see README-original.md.

# How to use this

You have 3 options:

1. build from the existing repo (not making any modifications)
2. create a copy (fork) the existing repo for the ability to make your own mods and then build your modified copy
3. just deploy the existing app for dynamic scanning (coming in the future...)

## Option 1 - Build from the existing repo

The instructions below assume you are building using the Jenkins installed on your Windows machine (2019.4 or later).  Note that it is also possible to build on your Mac or a linux machine (although using the linux instance in the Demo Labs is discouraged due to the size of the disk - the Docker image is ~ 1.2G).

### 1. Get Jenkins ready

You will need the following plugins added to Jenkins, beyond what's already here in the 2019.4 images:

* Pipeline Utility Steps
* NodeJS (w/tool config)
* AnsiColor

Goto Jenkins --> Manage Jenkins --> Manage Plugins and add these

### 2. Configure the tools

Goto Jenkins --> Manage Jenkins --> Global Tool Configuration and setup the tools

#### 2.1 NodeJS

Add a NodeJS installation like the following (the names are important, so match them)

![NodeJS config](./doc/images/NodeJS_config.jpg)

### 3. Configure Credentials in Jenkins 

Goto Jenkins --> Manage Jenkins --> Configure Credentials --> Credentials and add the following to the Jenkins store, global domain:

#### 3.1 Veracode login

Add a 'username with password' credential with the following:

![API ID and Key](./doc/images/API_creds.jpg)

The username is your API-ID and the password is your API-Key.  The ID field must be "veracode_login" (to match the Jenkinsfile).  The Description field can be anything.

#### 3.2 Srcclr token

Add a 'secret text' credential with the following:

![srcclr token](./doc/images/Srcclr_token.jpg)

The 'Secret' is the Source Clear token (please use a workspace agent, not an org-level agent).  The ID must be "SCA_Token" (to match the Jenkinsfile).  The Description field can be anything.

### 4. Create the Jenkins job

### 5. Build w/Jenkins

## Option 2 - Getting this repo locally

Assumes you already have an account on GitHub, GitLab, or a similar service.

Fork the existing repo into your account, and then use your copy of the repo.  Clone it locally, make mods, and push them back to your account.

### Building w/Jenkins

Follow the steps above, except use your repo instead of the master copy on gitlab.com

## Deploying 

Coming...
